CRAYSAT-1761: Update metal-provision file path to fix build (#163)
Cray-HPE/sat: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.25.3] - 2023-08-31

### Fixed

> - Fixed a build issue were the kubectl version ref file updated 
>   to pick from all.yml

Reviewer: I have a suggestion for a minor wording improvement:

```suggestion
- Fixed a build issue which occurred when trying to get the kubectl version
  from the `metal-provision` repo.
```
